what's up there
sports fans of dislike to talk
my choice of gloves for offshore fishing
for really for any kind of fishing but
for the most part offshore fishing now
if you're going to be grabbing ahold of
lines my filament lines and well
big-game fishing and you've got a you
know shoot a five pound fish anywhere
from five pounds to 500 pounds of and
you take a hold of this line it's good
chance it's going to cut you if the fish
stiff it line slips it will cut you and
you'll end up with one of these no
that's not from fishing line but be a
good place for it right so if you're
going to be grabbing a hold of fishing
line you're going to want something to
help you get layer of protection and
grip now if you just go with a regular
cotton glove it'll work fine until it
gets wet my cotton glove gets wet it's
slippery
to monofilament so your regular cotton
glove now this is a gargoyle it's got a
grip on the hand so this one would be
better than a regular cotton glove if
you get just a regular cotton cloth I
see people using multi just that regular
old glove the problem with that is when
that glove gets wet this stuff will slip
and when it slips it'll cut right
through that glove and if it doesn't cut
you you know burn you and so something
to keep in mind now
I've my choice of globe now you'll talk
to other guys and there's a variety of
gloves out there but these are really
cheap these are three books and they're
orange which is always good so that way
people can see where your hands are
while wiring the fish or looting the
gaffer even in a when the fish hits
after clearing the lines and they were
to find them because they're orange and
slipping one eye real quick
now what makes these gloves
is rather is this rubber netting you see
all the way over and what this netting
does is a gives you grip but also in
that situation where the glove is wet
and normally a wet glove is slippery
monofilament is slippery when wet look
now have this layer rubber here there's
a netting so even though the glove is
wet you get grab it and you get a good
grip take a wrap and you got a good grip
regardless of being wet or whatever so I
highly recommend this not only offshore
fishing I recommend that you wear a
glove in general you need to have some
kind of expensive the mate and you know
yeah I don't have to tell make that he
knows he's probably been cut but even as
an angler you should have a glove on the
hand as you're guiding the line with it
so you crank with your right hand and
you guide the line crank with your right
hand and you guide the line with your
left you need to have a glove on your
left hand and you might as well wear on
both hands that way you got a good grip
on your reel handle see so crank with
your right hand God with your left put
your glove on and guys and that'll keep
you from cutting your fingers so I
really recommend these gloves these are
my favourite gloves for wiring and
handling monofilament law big-game
fishing
so captain tactical signing out
you